This application is a frontend to OFIQ library (https://github.com/BSI-OFIQ/OFIQ-Project) which allows you to calculate face quality based on 0-100 score.For best end user experience, as camera API for classic Windows is quite limited, you can install PhotoUWP application which allows to take live image face using your camera connected to PC. Uwp application is included in a msi setup file. These two application don't store any data and doesn't send it anywhere. After taking image from camera it is required to crop it manually and selecting save from save options. Using PhotoUWP requires enabling developer mode on Windows. PhotoUWP saves image taken to pictures library (face.bmp) then WpfCamera loads image and performs quality checks using OFIQ library.
                                      OFIQ library is created by BSI and it is public. OFIQ library relays on some face detect train DNN models which also can be easily reached using https://standards.iso.org/iso-iec/29794/-5/ed-1/en/OFIQ-MODELS.zip. Application also uses WpfAboutView control to display some basic informations.
Since github has some file size limits and you would like to compile software, you need to download . 
Additionally application is heavily uing libraries opennx,Lex,llmThread,lmath,jasper,libjpeg,libpng,libprotobuf,libprotoc,onnxruntime,opencv,openEXR,quirc,zlib 
 and control WpfAboutView (Copyright (c) 2017 Daniel Chalmers).
Application Wpf Camera uses Microsoft Visual Studio 2015-2022 redistributable and is compiled for .net framework 4.8.1 - these be installed on system (https://aka.ms/vs/17/release/vc_redist.x64.exe)
To install PhotoUWP you need to trust publisher certificate - click on certificate from zip package and install it to trusted root certificate of Local Machine.
Then you will be able to install msixbundle for photo uwp app.
